Welcome to the Prompter

In the speech meeting, online live broadcast, video shooting, may be nervous or other reasons to forget the words caused embarrassment, for this trouble we added a prompter application, let you get rid of the burden of memory, free hands completely unscripted.

The prompter supports importing TXT files stored on the phone and creating new documents for prompting.

How to use the Prompter?

1. Prepare a prompter document
We have provided a tutorial on how to export PPT notes as TXT documents, which can be viewed in "MYVU AR App- Prompter".
You can also prepare the corresponding prompt content TXT file according to personal habits, send and save to the mobile phone.


2.  Select the document to start the prompt
You can go to "MYVU AR App- Prompter - Select File - Import from system files / New Document" to select the TXT file or create new documents to prompt, click the document, and then mobile terminal and glasses terminal will start the prompt simultaneously.

You can preview the effect of the prompt content before the formal prompt. If you need to adjust the line wrap of the paragraph, you can re-edit and then re-select the document and start the prompt.


3.  Prompt Mode
The prompter currently supports two modes: manual and uniform  speed.

3.1 Manual Prompt: The content of the prompter requires manual page turning
· Page turning can be done via the glasses, the phone, or the ring (if supported)

3.2 Uniform Speed Prompt: The content of the prompt automatically scrolls at a fixed speed, and manual page turning is supported 
· The scroll speed can be set in the "MYVU AR App- Prompter - Prompt Settings" according to the content of the prompter and personal speed 
· Page turning can be done via the glasses, the phone, or the ring (if supported)



欢迎使用提词器

在演讲会议、在线直播、视频拍摄时，可能会因为紧张或其他原因忘词造成尴尬，针对这一烦恼我们新增了提词器应用，让你摆脱记忆负担，解放双手全脱稿。

提词器支持导入手机存储的TXT文件和新建文档进行提词。

如何使用提词器？

1. 准备提词文档
我们提供了如何将PPT备注导出为TXT文档的教程，可在“MYVU AR App-提词器”内查看。
你也可以根据个人习惯准备对应的提词内容TXT文档，发送并保存到手机。

2. 选择/新建文档开始提词
可进入“MYVU AR App-提词器-选择文件-从系统文件导入/新建提词文档”选择/新建需要提词的TXT文档，点击文档后手机端和眼镜端同步启动提词。
你可以在正式提词前进行预览查看提词内容效果，如需调整段落换行，可在编辑后重新选择文档开始提词

3. 提词模式
提词器当前支持手动提词和匀速提词两种模式。

3.1 手动提词：提词内容需要手动翻页
· 可通过眼镜、手机、指环（若支持）进行翻页

3.2 匀速提词：提词内容按照固定速度自动翻页滚动，同时支持手动翻页
· 可在“MYVU AR App-提词器-提词设置”内根据提词内容和个人语速，设置滚动速度
· 可通过眼镜、手机、指环（若支持）进行翻页